Welcome to crawlspace!

This is one man's attempt to combine Crawl (DCSS) with the old Elite games of the 80's.

Here's the story so far:

In the (not too distant?) future, the galaxy is ruled by the Con-Astra, the Intergalactic Confederation of Regulated Planets (ICORP).

You are a rogue Federation starship captain that's discovered a diabolical secret that could bring ICORP to its knees.  You must first
discover the secret supercomputer base (Star One) and then broadcast its findings on planets with sufficient commercial activity.  Then
you can head to Xaxle, the Con-Astra's homeworld, and try and overthrow the current regime.  In the meantime, there are three ICORP agents
hunting you in superships.  They don't know where you are, but many of the actions you take (especially planetside) will generate clues for
them, so be careful!

Commands:

Your ship (the @ char) is in an 8x8x8 grid, either at the star system or impulse level.  Numpad Arrow keys move along the x/y grid and
maintain your current depth.  Combining arrow keys (or middle numpad key) with shift or z moves you down or up, respectively.

Your main view shows a quasi-topdown/isometric perspective of a three-dimensional area.  Things closer to your position appear
brighter (and vice versa).  Things at your exact depth are the same color as your ship (initially blue).

Your scanners have different modes you can set with the s/S keys and the cell coordinate you're scanning can be selected with the q/a keys.
Things in the cell you've selected this way will appear white.  To target something you've selected, press T for a ship and t for anything else.

If you enter a system grid with another ship in it, you pull it (and yourself) into impulse level where you can directly interact (mostly fight)
with things.  To exit impulse and return to system travel, press the period key. To enter impulse without dragging a ship, press the comma key.

To fire on a ship (at impulse level), press f.  All ready weapons will fire at a targeted ship.  To pursue a targeted ship, press the
numpad plus key.  To wait until your next weapon is ready, press enter.

Planets are accessable by moving your ship to the planet and pressing l to land.  l also launches you back into space from a planet.
You can also warp to other systems by pressing h (hyperspace) while at a star in your current system.

Summary:

    Movement:
        numpad arrow keys, combine with shift/z to change depth
        h: hyperspace
        l: land/takeoff from a planet
    Scanning:
        q - select next upper object in list
        a - select next lower object in list
        Q - select next scan mode
        A - select previous scan mode
        t - target a ship/object
    Combat:
        f - fire on scanned ship
        numpad plus - pursue scanned ship
        enter - wait for next ready waepon
    Symbols:
        @ your ship
        ✦ star (hyperspace conduit)
        O planet
        ~ nebula
        + asteroids
        # ion storm
        ≈ ion storm + nebula
        ✱ asteroids + nebula
        % ion storm + asteroids
        ※ ion storm + asteroids + nebula
    Other:
        S - select a system
        M - enter galactic map
***

This game is extremely new and under active development and therefore subject to quite a bit of change.  Feel free to
contact the author at molechess@gmail.com about basically almost anything or join the discord: https://discord.gg/xuHbaMBq

***
